this week Environment Secretary Michael
Gove announced measures to ban
single-use plastic straws drink stirrers
and cotton buds Michael Gove is
technically doing something good but
he's got such an unfortunate face that's
his face actually looks like it's been
recycled the measures are set to come
into effect in April 2020 and will be
extended to include plastic plates and
cutlery the following year there will
come a point where plastic is the most
exciting contraband
what you got brough got some midnit
stuff away ok Ranga Nation first of all
hands up if you're in favor these
measures ok so almost universal surprise
guys that Wow I think obviously we have
to save the planet and in a hurry and we
might be too late so if anything I'm
surprised that a single Ranga Nation
member would vote against that come on
jump in come on jump in it's corsican
lord I've spoken mustard or destroy
glosses last time no I wasn't and you've
got a beard now you trying to become me
just changing up tones enough well what
you think what do I think
yeah you look like you in guess who
what do you want Raylan I say the straws
right yes it's a big issue because when
you're going to like McDonald's for
example yes they get soggy in the
milkshake so can we just keep the straws
that strongly buy one of these stainless
steel Jean one and just take it with me
but then you have to be the person that
carries a straw around Macario reforms
Weathersby carrying lots of stuff if I
was sat a meal with am a comic book guy
I was at a bar and they had Watts straws
and I'm in a candle it was good it was
all right it didn't it wasn't as talking
as a boy would be and I thought it was
just a genius idea
there you go some wax stores in your
life there's a reason there's a reason
why they're called straws because they
used to be made of straw right and when
I was a boy in Spain you've got a soft
drink you've always cut a straw straw
okay I don't know if that's gonna catch
on the regulation think'st believes that
they use a lot of plastic themselves so
that's most of you I would say we all do
it with in everything that we buy so
even the clothes that you buy that's a
very good point yeah but I just and
while you're talking you're not my type
apparently enough plastic is thrown away
every year to circle the world four
times at the current rate pieces of
plastic will outnumber fish in the ocean
by 2050 Catherine she'll take enormous I
mean I keep all my plastic in my face
and tits
and by the way the environment thanks
you that's I can't be buried at sea when
I first came to the UK from Canada 12
years ago I couldn't believe the
disparity we had composting and it was
mandatory and it wasn't something you
even thought about I know that the UK's
gotten better but I mean there's a long
way to go just to come from the top
how's it mandatory no plastic straws for
any of you anyway I need to be whipped
we all do I think you might have
misunderstood the bag do you know what
the problem is is what generates so much
plastic Garbo eco vegan you must be very
passionate about this I've taken up
plugging plugging plugging which is
running and picking up litter running
and picking up litter I bring it that's
really good sorry sorry sorry no time I
love it what we have the plastic stores
in back there though
by your through the HIV because we spent
all our money on somehow see did you say